♪
Oh, oh.
Oh, sorry. Sorry.Watch where you're
going, man.
Everybody's got an angle, huh?
MAN:
Get your dogs
right here. Who's next?
MAN 2: I'll take two kraut dogs,
one with mustard.
Excuse me. Just need a napkin.
Thank you.
Not exactly your style.
It-- it's a gift
for my mom.
Mind if I take
a look inside?
Yes.
It wasn't a request.
Come on, man, this
is harassment.
That's my purse.
What the hell?!
Hands up where I can see them!
Whoa! Whoa, whoa.
Whoa, that's not my purse!
Uh, boss,
I wouldn't do that.
I just finished
calibrating your...
monitors.
It was working fine
until you touched it.
Hmm.
All I did was tweak
the color gamma.
Mind if I...?
Thanks.
Probably just need
to restart
your e-mail client.
No.
All right. Let me try this.
Boss, that's-that's really
not going to help.
Well, it helps me.
Oh! Uh...
Aw, I'm...
Ah, sorry, boss, sorry.
Thanks. Thank you.
I'm sorry. Um...
How about, uh-- how
about you take mine?
It's-It's a
double half-caf
Sumatra blend with a...
with a twist of lemon.
I'll have it fixed
by the time you get back.
TONY:
Morning, boss.
I like that shirt.
I hope you didn't
break his computer.
He doesn't like that thing
even when it's working.
Should have listened
to my horoscope.
It said I should
stay home today.
[Ziva chuckles]
Your horoscope?
What else did it say?
Avoid new relationships.
Which, after last week,
is probably not
a bad idea either.
[laughing]
What's so funny?
Oh, just that you think
you have a choice.
And that you read
your horoscope.McGEE: Well, just for fun.
But it is interesting.
I have been thinking
about taking a break
from dating for a while.
[laughing]
Okay, now what's so funny?
Same thing.Thanks for the support, Tony.
Thought you were going
for coffee.
Yeah, well, I was.
Grab your gear.
We got a dead Marine--
or at least some of him.
Just give me one second
here, boss.
I almost have this fixed.
Fixed.
Let's go.
McGEE:
We got the same I.D.
Arlington P.D. did.
Corporal Zack Armstrong.
Check 'em all, McGee.
We also need to
I.D. the teeth.
I've already requested
the corporal's dental records.
I can construct a mold
when we get back
to the Navy yard.
Is this all there is?GIBBS: Yep.
Any clue as to where
the rest of him is?No.
DUCKY:
Oh, interesting.
This tooth appears
to have been extracted
with a pair of pliers.
GIBBS:
Victim dead or alive, Duck?Impossible to say.
But all of these
identifying features have
been removed for a reason.
Dead.I'll check with
the county coroner.
See if anything's turned up.The pickpocket told us the
same story he told the cops.
ZIVA:
We pulled prints
from the hot dog cart.
Hopefully, our suspect
is among them.
JIMMY: That's one
cold-blooded killer.
He stops for a hot dog while
getting rid of the evidence.
DUCKY:
Well, it's not uncommon
for killers
to find themselves
unusually hungry
after the act.
It is uncommon, however,
to find them disposing
of the evidenceReally?
in such a stylish bag.
Actually, it's a knockoff.
You can tell by
the stitching here
and how steep the curves
are in the "C's."
It's a long story.TONY: And a good
catch, Gremlin.
Might help us trace
it back to the killer.
ZIVA: Though we need to find
the rest of his victim.McGEE: I think I just did.
County coroner's got a body.
Found it in Glen Oak Preserve,
Not far from here,
tied to a tree.
Missing his fingers and teeth.
It's got to be our guy.
JIMMY:
Good news is, DNA
confirms this is,
in fact, Corporal Armstrong.
GIBBS:
Okay, give me the bad news.
Well, I haven't started
my autopsy yet,
but the previous M.E. had
some information
which I thought relevant.
Her report indicates
that this bullet wound to
the head was postmortem.
Killer making sure he was dead.
Well, the actual
cause of death is
far more interesting.
This is Armstrong's
medical file.
It says right here that he is...
Five-six?
Yes, though I measure him
at just over six feet tall.
Hell of a growth spurt.
X rays indicate
massive dislocations
to virtually every bone
in his body
and synovial
capsule trauma
tells me that these occurred
rather slowly,
and I'm sure
you noticed
the rope burns
to his wrists and ankles.
So he was tied up,
and he was tortured?
Rather violently,
using a method
that was quite popular during
the Spanish Inquisition,
known as the rack.
Our corporal
was stretched to death.
TONY:
Corporal Zack Armstrong, 25,
was a decorated Marine.
McGEE:
He was about to be deployed
to Afghanistan.
Before that, he served
two tours in Iraq.
Which earned him
a Silver Star.
He single-handedly captured
the nine
and ten of clubs in the Iraq
war fugitive deck of cards.
High-profile targets.
With many
just now being sentenced.
Think the corporal's murder
was payback for their capture?
TONY:
Well, he was tied
to a tree
while someone tried
to drive off with his feet.
He certainly pissed off
somebody.
Witnesses say they saw him
arguing with a woman
outside a movie theater
the night
before he was killed,
and they said
she was, uh, pissed.
You get a name?
Not yet.
I could check
ATM cameras in the area.
Not without a
warrant, of course.
Always.
You must be
Agent McGee.
Can I help you with something?
Blake Martin,
Viper Key Security.
I e-mailed you
about my visit.
We've been having
some computer problems today.
Huh,
so are we.
My company handles certain
sensitive security issues
for the Pentagon.
I was assigned
by D.O.D.
to investigate
several breaches
that have emanated
from this office.
McGEE:
Really?
Must be some computer virus
or something.
Or illegal hacking.
You are Agent
McGee, right?
Your director assigned you to
help me with my investigation.
Sure, yeah, sure,
happy to help.
[beeping]
Oh, excuse me.
[typing]
Boss, someone just used
our dead Marine's credit card.
Take Ziva.
Yes, boss.
Uh, sorry, I've gotta...
Of course, I understand.
I'll be here when you get back.
FEMALE VOICE [recorded]:
Welcome to the year 2096,
a year of peace...
So we're looking for a player
named Max Destructo.
Paid for his game
using Corporal
Armstrong's credit card.
Should be out soon.
[shouts]Oh! God.
ANNOUNCER:
Red team eliminated.
That's going to be me when
that Pentagon guy is done
with his investigation.
This is,
um, a very interesting
way to spend money.
Green team eliminated.Hmm.
Blue team: victor.
Do you do this?
No, no, no,
it's too geeky,
even for me.
Hey, McGeeminator,
you ready
for a rematch?
Hey, uh, no, actually,
I'm, I'm here working.
Sorry.Start time match...
12, 39, 46.[chuckles]
Red team..."McGeeminator"?
All right, maybe I played
once or... twice.
[female voice speaking
indistinctly]
Oh, there's our guy.
Excuse me.
NCIS.
We need to speak with you.
Please turn around, Max.
Maxine,
and I don't have
to talk to you.
Actually,
you do.
Did you use this
man's credit card?
[chuckles]
Oh, my God, he called the cops.
Yeah.
We were dating.
Found out he was screwing
around, so I dumped him
about a week ago.
And stole his credit card?
No, he owed me
money.
I was using the card
to square the debt.
Look, you can have
his stupid card back.
He won't be
needing it.
He's dead.
Murdered,
actually.
ANNOUNCER:
Match start-- three, two, one.
What happened?
Well, that's what we're
trying to figure out.
Care to add anything
to your statement?
[sighs]
Yeah, uh,
there is something else.
He gave me this envelope
when we were dating.
He was weird about it.
What was in it?
I don't know.
He made me promise
not to open it,
you know, unless he didn't come
back from Afghanistan.
I've been holding it hostage
until he paid me back.
It's at my place.
Just give me
a minute.
Hi, Burt.Hey, Max.
Why don't you go?
I'll stay and, uh, finish the
interview with the manager.
How about I stay?
Look, I'm supposed to be
avoiding relationships, and...
She's...
She's pretty and...She's pretty.
Fine, I'll go with her.
[chuckles]
Got to start somewhere.
Pony up.
McGee is not going to jail
if I can help it.
Oh, McGee's not going
to go to jail, Abbs.
Can you say that
with 100% certainty?
All right, then.
On to the case.
Um, I I.D.'d the bullet
from Armstrong's head.
It doesn't match
any unsolved cases.
But I did get tons
of hits on this.
Palmer was right,
it's a fake.
And I traced it to an online
retailer in Indonesia.
I need their client list.
Well, that's not
really my department,
but for five bucks, I
can see what I can do.
You're a good man.
And for that,
I give you this.
Pogostemon cablin.
Smell.
[sniffs]
Mm, smells like...
Patchouli.
It was used for centuries
as an insecticide
until it burst on the scene
in the '60s as a perfume.
Why are you having me
smell that, Abbs?
Because, Ducky found
traces of this
in the scratch that was
on Armstrong's face.
So whoever he was with when
he was killed was wearing it.
Unfortunately, that
narrows our suspect pool
down to pretty much everyone
that was at Woodstock.
So once I have
the fusion module,
how do I get
into the reactor?
Well, there's a key under
the Dragon Lord's throne.
Ah. See, he kills
me every time.
He eats my tongue.
Mm, well, takes practice.
Here, let me
get your envelope.
You can come in, you know.
I'd prefer not to.
Why?
Because you're supposed to be
avoiding relationships?
You-You heard that?
Yep.
Bit presumptuous,
but you can relax.
You're not really my type.
You really think that has
something to do with
Zack's murder?
Well, if it does, I'll find out.
I mean, we'llfind out.
I mean...
Is that a 12-core?
Sixteen.
With a ten-meg pipe.
I need the faster
response times
for the newer
online games.
There's a lot of people
after my high scores.
Wait a second.
Is Max Destructo
your gaming handle, too?
But it's not just
Max Destructo,
it's Max Destructo 5,
seven 4's?
Nope, just
Max Destructo.
You hold the high score
in virtually every massively
multiplayer online
role-playing game.
Mm.
You single-handedly killed
the entire skank hoard
from Isle of Cardias
in Blood Fun 6.
You're... awesome.
[chuckles]
You know, I lied.
You actually
are my type.
Danger, Will Robinson.
I love that show.
[laughs]
Me, too. Me, too.
Um...
I should go.
[gunfire][Max screams]
[panting]
You should stay.
[camera clicking]
[sighs]
16 cores. What a waste.
So, was the target your
girlfriend or her computer?
She's not my girlfriend.
Well, Tony said
she was very clingy
when they went to
the safe house last night.
That's just a normal
reaction to being shot at.
This shooting's got to be
connected to Corporal
Armstrong's murder.
McGee.
Maybe it has something
to do with his, um,
mystery letter, huh?
Sealed.
Guess we're gonna
have to wait for Abby
to tell us what's inside.
Shooter didn't
police his brass.
I don't think he had time.
Neighbors say anything?
ZIVA: No one saw
the shooting itself.
Did your girlfriend
happen to mention any...
She's not my girlfriend, Ziva.
She's just another victim.
Fine. Did the victim happen
to mention any unusual vehicles
around the area this past week?
She didn't mention it.
Well, several neighbors did.
I have a partial plate.
Run it down.
[stammers]:
Back at NCIS?
Yeah. There a problem, McGee?
No, no, not at all.
[elevator bell dings]
Back already?
Yeah. Just, um, running
a partial plate here.
Oh, on that drive-by shooting?
I heard about that.
Exciting stuff.
Yeah. Really.
How's your work going?
Uh, nothing like yours.
Well, I used to be a sergeant
in force recon,
but now all I do is spend
all my time sitting at a desk,
chasing down ones and zeroes.
Only thing we have in common
is we both put people in jail.
How's that looking?
MARTIN: So far,
I got nothing.
Either this hacker's pretty
good at covering his tracks,
or maybe it's a virus,
like you said.
Either way,
I won't stop until...
Uh, Abby have any luck
with those bullet fragments
we found in Maxine's apartment?
Yeah, she matched them
to the slug she pulled
out of Armstrong's head.
Same shooter.
She also
opened Armstrong's
mystery envelope.
Give you two guesses
as to what was inside.
MARTIN:
Secret blueprints?
Swiss bank account numbers?
Not even close.
Hey, boss.
Armstrong gave his
girlfriend a copy
of his last will and testament.
She's not his girlfriend,
either.
He says he's leaving
over a million bucks
to his mom,
and then five million
to various animal
and children's charities.
Does Armstrong
have money like that?
Not even close.
He does not even have
$5,000 to his name.
That you know of.
Do you guys have
a forensic accountant?
Is there something else
you could be doing?
Actually, boss,
that's a really great angle.
Don't you think?
Can you get us some names?
MARTIN:
Sure.
We use forensic accountants
all the time.
Not having much
luck here, anyway.
[beeping]Hey, you are,
Agent McGee. You just got
a hit on your shooter.
Oh. Great. Name came back
on the partial plate.
Lisa Bock.
Martial arts
instructor.
Recently sentenced
to court-assigned
anger management classes.
Sounds like
killer material to me.
One more deep breath...
...all the way down to
your root chakra.
Welcome to your body.
And, uh, also, welcome
your friendly neighborhood
NCIS agents.
Don't worry, everybody.
We're here to talk to Lisa.
We have a few
questions, Lisa.
Now?!
I mean...
Now?
Uh-huh.
I thought you were
a martial arts instructor.
I was,
but in light of some recent,
uh, legal troubles...
You slashed a
student's tires.
My therapist suggested I
find a new line of work.
I approve.
You know this woman?
You mean "man-stealing
piece of..."
[breathes deeply]
Sorry.
That wasn't nice.
We dated the same guy.
Corporal Zack Armstrong?
Yeah.
I thought he was a nice guy,
until he gave me a fake will.
He told me not to open it
unless he didn't return
from Afghanistan.
How did you know
it was fake?
I found a bunch
of copies when I,
uh, accidentally went
through his desk.
He would give them to
women he was dating
to make them think
that he was loaded.
Cheeseball even kept a case of
fake Chanel purses in his trunk.
That is disgusting.
I was going
to say "genius."
Except for the fact
that he's dead now.
I heard.
Guess he pissed off
the wrong girl.
[chuckles]
What?
Someone left patchouli
on the dead guy's face.
[sniffing]
When we broke up,
I may have, um,
accidentally hit him.
But I didn't kill him.
And her?
Someone made an attempt
on her life last night.
Last night,
I was teaching a class.
The same thing the night
that Zack was killed.
You want some advice?
Zack was on every
dating site there is.
See who else he's
been screwing over.
There's a lot of really
unstable women out there.
Abbs. Hey, you busy?
I'm just processing
Armstrong's computer.
Mind if I use your spare?
I'm trying to keep
a low profile.
Don't you worry, McGee.
We have got your back.
Oh, let's hope it
doesn't come to that.
So what are you
looking for?
Got a lead on the shooter.
Women Armstrong
has been dating.
And there's a lot.
Going to have
to interview them all.
Well, maybe you'll
meet someone.
Though I heard
you already have.
What?
Wait? What? No.
Who-Who told you that?
I mean, if you have,
it's okay.
But I haven't.
Well, that's not what I hear.
Which would be fine with me.
I mean, why wouldn't it be?
You tell me.
Nothing to tell.
Okay, then.
Hmm.
Oh, what you got?
There's some sort of bug
on Armstrong's computer.
Oh, I see it.
It's an
eavesdropping program
remotely installed
over the Internet.
Got a time stamp?
Was installed
two days ago
at 10:31 p.m.
According to Ducky, that's right
before Armstrong was killed.
That's got
to be a connection.
Okay, this is weird.
The bug is only
monitoring game ports,
but Armstrong doesn't have
any games on his computer.
There's nothing to monitor.
Maybe they weren't after him.
Yeah, I play video games.
What's the big deal?
You buy any using
Corporal Armstrong's
credit card?
Um, I may have used the card
to pay for the last few weeks
of my subscription
to Fear Tower 3.
I mean, like I said,
he owed me money.
Does this have something
to do with his murder?
Someone was bugging
the game ports
on Corporal Armstrong's
computer.
But he didn't play games.
It wasn't his thing.
Yeah, we know that.
You think someone
was trying to bug me?
And because I used Zack's Visa,
the trace led back
to him instead?
I know it sounds
kind of crazy...
No.
Actually, it doesn't.
Two days ago,
I was at home,
playing Fear Tower on my laptop,
having a kick-ass game.
Broke my all-time points
record. And then...
I hit a kill screen.
Ouch. That hurts.
Kill screen?
It's kind of like a
Y2K bug for video games.
Sometimes, if a player
gets too high a score,
game can't handle it,
and it crashes.
The last screen you see
is called a kill screen.
MAXINE: This was one of the
weirdest I've ever seen.
Weird how?
Almost looked like
some sort of
encrypted data.
I got a ton
of screen grabs
I can show you.
When was this?
10:30 p.m.
On the dot.
Boss, less than
one minute later
someone bugged
Armstrong's computer.
So...
Armstrong is dead because
she won... a video game?
GIBBS:
So, this is Fear Tower 3.
McGEE:
Yeah, and these are screen grabs
from Maxine's last game.
It's not exactly
Pong, huh?
Pong?
Well, the important
point is,
at 10:30 p.m., Maxine
got such a high score
the game crashed,
dumping her into
a kill screen.
Now, this isn't exactly
your grandfather's kill screen.
Exposed some kind of
encrypted data hidden
in the game.
Killer thought
Corporal Armstrong
was doing the exposing.
Yep, and then somehow
figured out his mistake
and went after Maxine.
So, what's it say?
Abby's working on it.
But the more pressing
question is...
How did the data get in the game
in the first place?
And I have the answers.
Where's Martin?
Uh, picking up Gibbs'
forensic accountant.
Thanks again
for that, boss.
I spoke to the CEO
at L9 Games, the company
that makes Fear Tower 3.
They have quite
a facility.
I mean, like, pool tables
and saunas and, uh...
...and employees who are
very focused on their work,
like this man,
Reed Snyder.
The CEO said
he was the lead programmer
for Fear Tower 3.
If there was anything
hidden in the game code,
Snyder would know
about it.
Bring him in.
He disappeared.
Two days ago.
Bank statements.
I got the BOLO.
We'll alert local
airports and bus stations.
Okay, got something here, boss.
Several large wire transfers
to Snyder's bank account.
[snaps fingers]
You recognize something?
Yeah, I do.
Agah Bayar.
Why is a video game designer
getting money
from an arms dealer?
MAN:
You must be Agent Gibbs.
It's an honor
to finally meet you.
May I call you Jethro?
Agent Gibbs it is, then.
You know him?
No.
You wired him a hundred
thousand dollars.
Now you mentioned it, yes,
we do have some
business together.
You're an arms dealer,
and he makes video games--
what kind of business?
I commissioned him to, uh,
to create a video game
to showcase some
of my more, uh...
exotic merchandise.
Totally legitimate,
wouldn't you say...
Agent Gibbs?
Mm-hmm.
You see, I like games.
Yes, I can see that.
Are we done?
No. Sit down.
[exhales]
I must say, you're
much more imposing in person
than your dossier
leads one to believe.
And a lot grayer.
Do you know where he is?
No, I don't.
And it seems like
you don't, either.
Been missing for two days.
You should keep better tabs
on your investment.
A hundred G's is a lot of money.Forgive me...
if I don't take business advice
from a government employee.
Where did you get those?
Government employee.
Look familiar?
No.
But if you give me a copy,
I can help you decipher it.
I only need one thing from you.
Shoot.
As they say.
Where were you two days ago?
I was in Vera Cruz.
A guest of the governor.
Am I correct to assume
that means we're done here?
State Department
confirms it, boss--
his whole entourage
was in Vera Cruz
for two weeks--
must be nice.
It isnice.
Still no word
on Snyder's whereabouts.
McGEE:
But we found some
interesting stuff
in his background
that may explain Bayar's
interest in him.
Define "interesting."
ZIVA:
Reed Snyder,
age 29, he was born
on a small farm in Idaho,
home-schooled by his parents.
Until he ran away
to the big city,
where he taught himself
how to do
whatever the voodoo
is you do, McGee.
Worked as a computer programmer.
TONY:
D.O.D.'s had their eye
on Snyder for a while.ZIVA: He's suspected
of hacking the Pentagon and
selling classified information.
Hacking the Pentagon!
They should lock him up
and throw away the key.
Why haven't they?
Crossword puzzles.
Yep.
We don't really
understand it, either.
Look, it's simple.
During World War II,
the Allies hid secret codes
in crossword puzzles.
Now, to thousands
of regular readers
it would've looked just
like another puzzle.
But if you had the
decryption key...
You could read the secret code.D.O.D.
thinks Snyder's been
putting encrypted secrets
in video games,
which then are
mass-distributed.Okay, all right,
I get it now,
McSmarty Pants,
when he puts it like that.
He didn't say it
like that before.
I get it--
all Snyder has to do
is sell the harmless
decryption key,
and then the buyers can access
the data themselves, right?
Buyers like Agah Bayar.
Right.
So, what's inside Fear Tower 3
that... would interest
an arms dealer?
McGEE:
You name it.
Data on arms shipments,
satellite codes...
Whatever it is,
hitting the kill screen
accidentally exposed it.
And Snyder killed
to keep it a secret.
What is he doing now?
I'm not sure I follow.
You kill the zombie...
And then you kill
their brains.
Wouldn't hypovolemic shock
render the second step
unnecessary?No, no, no. No.
'Cause when you shoot
a zombie in the head,
sometimes the brains
sneak out through the hole,
and then you have
to kill that separately.
I see. I think.Mm-hmm.
Or maybe
I'd rather not.
GIBBS: Well, I'd
rather you did.
I need some
answers.
Well, I've been going
over the evidence
from Mr. Snyder's house,
hoping to find some clue
to his current whereabouts.
Okay, what do you got?Well, on the outside,
a normal, productive individual,
but on the inside...Bad things.
[chuckles]
I'm sure Dr. Mallard
will elaborate for us.
Mr. Snyder is
a very disturbed individual,
his choice of game design
notwithstanding.
Take this, his diary,
or manifesto.
It's a rambling call
for revolution
against "modern society's
technological
industrial systems."
Our computer guy?Yeah.
Who seems to favor
old-fashioned board games
in his personal life.
Like this one,
from World War II.
Fingerprint analysis
shows that he preferred to
play for the Axis powers.
Oh, yeah, this man
had no love of country.
And he appears
to be removing himself from it.
I found all this
stuff in the trash.
He hadn't packed
anything,
but I can't escape the feeling
that he is going someplace.
ZIVA:
Perhaps because he is.
With the help
of Martin's forensic accountant,
we were able to trace some
of the money Snyder received
from his wire transfers.
He purchased a
home recently.
In Morocco.
Interesting.Well, you guys
got to find him
before he gets there.
We may already have.
The BOLO came back on his car.
[creaking, clanging]
TONY:
So, when I said, "quietly"?
McGEE: Door was rusted
shut, all right?
Snyder could be anywhere.
Wow, abandoned power
plants are creepy.
McGEE: It's not
a power plant,
it's a pump
storage facility.
It stores energy in
the form of...What?
You talking to me?
Not anymore.
So, when this is over,
are you gonna ask
that Maxine girl out
on a date, or what?
Nope.
You still hiding
behind your horoscope?
Who said I was hiding?
The guy who's been
working with you for
the last seven years.
[chuckles] I think I'd
like sarcasticTony
back now, please.
Oh. He's not
here right now.
Just wise,
insightful Tony.
And, uh, he thinks you've
got more on your mind
than just a horoscope.
But there's taking it easy,
and then there's, uh...
being a dumb-ass,
which is kind of
my strong suit.
But you like this girl;
she seems to like you--
what more do you
need to know?
I'll think about it.
Don't think too long;
life's short.
Just ask this guy.
Boss... we found
our missing programmer.
DUCKY:
Abdominal distension
suggested that time of death
was roughly three days ago.
However, this...
yeah, well, this...
slightly increases
the estimate.
A mature rove beetle.
They don't appear until
at least the fourth day.
He was already dead
when Corporal Armstrong
was murdered.Yes, which rules him
out as your killer--
a killer that's
been quite busy.
Both he and Armstrong
have identical mutilations.
I believe the same person
is responsible for both.
Armstrong was a mistake;
this guy wasn't.
Espionage is
a dangerous game.
If you want
to find out why
this man is dead,
perhaps you need
to find out what he was selling.
ABBY:
Found it.
And you are not
going to like it.
GIBBS:
What am I looking at?
ABBY:
It's executable code.
Snyder wasn't selling
secrets that he hacked.
He was selling
his actual hacking program.
It's like a locksmith
selling his lock-picking tools.
And these tools enable the buyer
to gain access to the Pentagon's
most secure mainframe.
Theoretically.
I mean, the good news is
that even with Snyder's
hacking program,
it would take a computer,
like, millions of years to crack
the Pentagon's defenses.
How long would it take
a million computers?
Gibbs, you're a genius.
It's called
"distributive
computing."
If this is downloaded onto
millions of computers, then...
McGEE:
Snyder would have
enough combined
processing power to crack
the Pentagon wide open.
Or Agah Bayar.
Anyone who bought
an unlock code
is going to have access
to top secret information.
This could make WikiLeaks look
like a little, tiny
dripping faucet.
You have to call the
Pentagon, Gibbs, now.Yeah, got it. Thanks.
What?
I think there's already
someone there that knows.
Took the liberty of
accessing your security logs.
You knew about the hacks coming
out of NCIS a long time ago,
but you never reported it.
I'm here now, aren't I?
GIBBS:
Yeah.
We noticed.
Puts you in a perfect position
to keep tabs
on the investigation into
Corporal Armstrong's murder.
Why on earth would I do that?
So you'd know when to run.
Hmm...
You swept the NCIS
hacks under the carpet
because they made you look bad.
But you couldn't ignore
what Snyder was doing.
If the Pentagon knew how badly
they could be hacked...
You'd be looking for a new
billion-dollar contract.
McGEE:
So you tracked
Snyder down,
you chased him into
an old utility plant,
and you killed him.
Have you lost your mind?
Bet you almost did when Maxine
triggered the kill screen.
Looked like another attack.
Which you tracked back
to Armstrong.
Only, he didn't know a thing.
McGEE:
Even after you nearly
tore off his arms
and legs
in an enhanced interrogation.
Um, uh, I got to tell you.
That-That's...
It's a great story.
You know, it'd be even better
if you had any evidence.
Yeah, well,
we got your fingerprint
on the hot dog cart.
McGEE:
Next time you may want
to dump the evidence
before you stop for a bite.
You know how many enemies
are trying to destroy
our way of life?
You're doing a pretty good job
of that by yourself.
McGEE:
Pentagon computers
are still at risk.
You killed Snyder
for nothing.
No one could get enough evidence
to nail him.
Yet.
Well, I wasn't
willing to wait.
We got enough, boss.
Enough?
You don't have my fingerprints.
No.
[paper sliding on table]
But we just got your confession.
So all this time,
Martin was eavesdropping
on our conversation.
That's how he learned
about Maxine.
Luckily, she's still alive.
Which means
she's, um...
Sorry. Can't do.
Got a major security hole
at the Pentagon
that needs help plugging.
It might be too late
for that.
Bring Gibbs to my lab now.
Abby.
Snyder built an insurance policy
into his hacking program.
Insurance policy for what?
Well, every week, he needed to
enter a code into the system.
It's like a dead
man's switch.
If he didn't,
then Fear Tower 3
would go Armageddon.
GIBBS:
What does that mean, Abby?
Snyder's hacker program
would disable all Department
of Defense firewalls
and erase...
Erase what?
Erase everything.
Any military computer on the
grid would be wiped clean.
Yeah, it's on, Gibbs.
The program--
it's already launched.
Shut it down.
Gibbs...
Fear Tower 3 is
installed on 15
million computers.
You can't stop them all.
McGEE:
Maybe we don't have to.
Snyder's got
to have a mainframe somewhere
to coordinate the attack,
and I can try
to shut it down from MTAC,
but we also need
to find its physical location
and try shutting it down
directly.
Well, then,
it's a good thing
I already found it.
Snyder did not come here
to hide from Martin.
He was on his way
to his hideout.
We're in.
Where are we going?
I'm accessing the facility map
on Snyder's mainframe.
Mapping your location
and your destination.
Now, there should be a corridor
in front of you.
And move fast.
We've only got three minutes
and 40 seconds left,
and I'm not having any luck
shutting his mainframe
down from here.
There is nothing.
COMPUTER:
Three minutes,
30 seconds remaining.
Well, not according
to Snyder's map.
Hey, this is hollow.
Find something
to wedge it, Ziva.
We can probably...
Or we could do that.
[alarm blaring]
McGee!
[beeping]
Boss, I think you just tripped
the security system.
Well, untrip it.
[clanging]
[sighs]
TONY:
McGee, is there a reset button
you can hit?
Tony, this is not a video game,
okay?
COMPUTER:
Three minutes remaining.
Look, maybe we should just wait
for the bomb squad here.
I mean, it looks like the whole
place is booby trapped.
I got no time, McGee.
Get me through this.
COMPUTER:
Fifth firewall breached.
I can try. Uh, go video.
[sighs]
COMPUTER:
Two minutes,
30 seconds remaining.
McGEE:
Okay, the safest route
should be...
Wait. Boss!
Get out of there!
[coughing]
Where am I going, McGee?
I don't know.[coughing]
[sparks popping]
McGee!
COMPUTER:
Fourth firewall breached.
GIBBS:
Talk to me!
It is a video game.
COMPUTER:
Two minutes remaining.
Okay.
All right, continue straight,
boss, until I say.
Make that right turn.
There you go.
Continue straight.
Something's wrong.
It's too quiet.
All right, boss,
it's a left turn up ahead.
Take that left.
Walk straight
for about 20 yards.
[rapid beeping]
[explosion]
Boss?COMPUTER: One minute,
30 seconds remaining.Boss, are you okay?
Boss...?
Boss, can you hear me? Boss?
[beeping]
COMPUTER:
Third firewall breached.
Can you hear me?
[Gibbs coughing]
Hey, McGee, you missed one.
Sorry about that.
All right.
It'll be coming up soon.
Snyder's mainframe
should be right around
the next corner.
COMPUTER:
One minute remaining.
Getting interference
on the visual.
Wait, boss, that's got to be it.
Man, I hate computers.[beeping]
COMPUTER:
Second firewall breached.
[static crackles]
Boss? Boss, what's happening?
I lost visual.
COMPUTER:
30 seconds remaining.
Boss, are you okay?
What's going on?
GIBBS:
I cut all the power.
It's still going.
Okay, must have an internal
battery backup.
GIBBS:
A what?!
But it could also
be booby trapped.
Boss, now we're gonna have
to shut down the computer
using the Unix command line.
COMPUTER:
Ten, nine, eight...
Now listen to me very carefully.
...seven, six...[loud gunshots, shattering]
Boss, what's happening?
Talk to me!
Boss?
Boss, what's happening?
Are you okay?
Can you hear me?
Game over.
COMPUTER:
Two...
[gunshot]
[faint crackling]
I would have liked to see
Gibbs shoot that computer.
Well, if I don't get
his e-mail working,
you may get a second chance.
I almost shot Tony last night.
We were stuck for almost three
hours before the firemen
were able to open
up the fire doors.
And you loved
every second of it.
Hi.
Tony said you weren't going
to be at my debriefing.
Uh, he did?
Yeah.
But he passed along
your message.
8:00 works great.
See you then?
And thank you.
TONY:
Laser tag.
You have a date.
You didn't.
Uh. Yes, I did.
Thanks, Tony.
Don't mention it.
[computer beeps]
McGee!
I hate this
thing, McGee.
Oh, don't shoot!